	Predicting the price of an asset is one of the most difficult financial tasks that one can accomplish today, and there are many different resources available to aid individuals in the prediction process. Some traders love indicators, some fundamentals, and some use mixtures of both as well as their own techniques. Regardless of the price prediction method that you choose, you may find that you are still not getting the results that you wish. Is this because you are analyzing the data wrong? Is it because you are not running through enough situations? Well, with the price prediction simulation that we created, you no longer need to ask yourself these questions, as we are running through all of these scenarios for you!

	When someone comes to the dashboard, they will be prompted to pick the asset of their choice. We then use that assets data, starting from 2010, to calculate the variance, sharpe ratio, compounded annual growth rate, and standard deviation. We will also display a data frame containing all of the assets information, starting from 2010, or the inception year, up to the most recent day. Just by viewing this information, the user is instantly able to gain a much more thorough understanding of the asset without needing to do any research or calculation on their own. They also will be able to see an interactive chart of the asset, as well as a chart containing the 50 and 200 day simple moving averages.

	Although these values are great to understand on their own, we still need to incorporate the price expectation model to give the user the ability to see what the expected future value will be without them needing to do the calculations on their own. Enter, Monte Carlo Simulations… Once the user selects the asset, the code will automatically run 500 random simulations, using the previous prices from the dataframe, as well as randomly generated prices, and will print out a normal distribution, as well as a bar graph to show the range of expected future prices. Once the charts are printed, then the expected price for the asset will be calculated and shown to the user. 
	This model can be used for traders, consumers, companies, or anyone who would like to gather relevant information of an asset, and run monte carlo simulation on it to calculate an expected price. Although this should in no way be the only metric someone uses to enter a trade or purchase the asset, it can be an important tool to have in order to make a better educated decision. Below, I will list out how we went about completing this code:
We started with an idea to create a backtesting strategy dashboard, where once a trading indicators condition has been met, then it will run a monte carlo simulation on it and print the expected results.
This led to some complications with writing the indicator code, and so we made an adjustment to just use a monte carlo price prediction model on the asset itself without utilizing the trading strategies.
This allowed for us to also write in the context for the asset, such as the average returns, variance, etc. to give the user more insights on the asset they selected.
We then applied all of the functions that we created to streamlit, and were able to create an interactive dashboard that will print the results.
Once we got the dashboard up and running, then we had to make lot’s of tweaks with the code to make it compatible with streamlit and allow for the text to print, but finally we were able to, and we got a fully functional streamlit dashboard asset price predictor!

